[Music]
we agreed not to cross their borders or
to start anything without a reason
holding our breaths for months
this isn't normal we have to keep our
cool or they
is win a meteor shower
i tried to forget everything that
happened it was good
if we're lucky we never have to think
about those skin freaks ever we get
caught on their side of the border
that's it that's war fire fire spread it
could burn through our hunting ground
let's go come on
i believe there may be invaluable
technological implications for our
communities if i'm able to retrieve any
of the useful bits from inside
look i need you to stay
otherwise i'm gonna have to punch holes
in all them boats
almost got us
the dead don't have names
we shouldn't either
without names or a past
got into a tussle
with a dead
ran me on my camper a few months ago mr
b
i thought we didn't have names
so if i'm b what does that make you
hey
monsters
i can't believe him
you won't have to
[Music]
there is one rule between our people
one law
stay where you are we crossed one time
three times
the creek that winds into the valley
that is your new southern border we will
mark the new border to the north you
should fear me
i don't
i look at you and i feel nothing at all
boy
he screamed your name
just before we took his head
i forgive you
mother the mother
you better run come on let's go
if you run away now
we'll play dumb when they ask us
this is my home
come on
i love henry you know i love him please
it was negan
they even killed her no he didn't do
anything wrong no it wasn't he didn't do
it
how long have you a month
it's grown since then did you know
thyroid cancer had a 98 survival rate oh
let me in and there you are
i receive you loud and clear
i can't believe this
are you
really out there
we can take it back see what he knows
it's a good thing
did you plan this
no
i
i'm negan
we haven't formally met but i sure as
hell know who you are i'm all in
whatever you want
whatever i got
it's yours
no
mother told her people she killed me
you used me
open your eyes
[Music]
like this
when was the last time you had new
people in here since way before the fire
who the hell are you he's trying to
steal a sail and then probably also a
boat
whatever weapons you have on your island
will pay off your debt
i'll take you home and i'll bring the
boat back to them
[Applause]
you can take out half reward from here
you gonna get yourself killed
go ahead and say it to me
i deserve it
please just say it to me
there's got to be another way in
the people you sent out
they're in trouble
trapped in a cave where alpha has placed
her horde
[Applause]
[Music]
oh guys
i didn't betray you i just
i drew him out here because he was gonna
there
[Applause]
there where are the others
we got separated
truth is stephanie i just very much like
to meet you
i'd really like to meet you too
okay i'll talk to my people
we gotta find our people man no you
can't go out there
my mother's coming
what happened she blocked all the roads
that means they're closing in on us we
had a window to get out which is about a
mile south of the kanawha river one week
can you be there
[Music]
and right
them to join
us they will
part of my horn
uh
huh
the thing you've been looking for
i found it
i don't know where the hell it came from
what did you
you do about
if the others will help me i think we
can mod the engine and get it working
again i found something
i found something that belonged to
the brave man
is he alive
i
i don't know
but if you think he's alive then you
have to go find him
i love you and your brother so much
i love you too mom
go get
they won't wait for us
[Music]
don't threaten me with a good time
oh my god hi
haven't seen anyone in over a year and
the first ones i find seem like a bunch
of meaning
breaking up i can't hear you come back
surrounded
gabriel
[Music]
he's with me
my choice
i finish it
[Music]
you told me to find my way
weapons down
now
negan was with the whispers
that night because
i needed to die
and negan was our best chance
[Music]
it's the reapers
what's a reaper
people who attacked our home came
[Music]
hey mom
this is home sweet home
yeah
let's start with your name your name
princess
start with the one you're worried about
what's her name
[ __ ] i want to see her
right now
i got it let's go
wait
[Music]
i see you went ahead and moved me in but
given our less recent history
it's better than you deserve little big
little pig
[Music]
my wife
she has cancer she needs that
wondering
if she's ever gonna get
her next treatment
you everything i hope
your everything i need
is you
are
so beautiful
a happy anniversary
i mean
wait do you actually know what day where
did you get this okay no no no no no
[Music]
we're looking for this group of doctors
to travel around at a mobile clinic i
sat down with him he showed me his map
these doctors they take the same route
every time they make the same stops
that you did not spend 600 on this happy
days [ __ ]
he loved that job you love working with
those kids yeah and then he beat a guy
up and he put him in the hospital we
caught it early on a lot of times with
this one
i've got cancer you knew about janine
about me and her you knew this whole
time
i want you to know that you made up for
it
one of you really want to help me
and just stay
no
we are not giving up
we had it all
everything on your list
here
take
this this is the bed you hit me with
damn girl
[Music]
what the hell is going on out there
you know last time we did this you said
that i talked to you know i never killed
a man before
tonight you know when people get so
angry they say they see red
now when i see red
it's just the question of what i am
capable of
this is for not
killing me
i'm sorry that you went out i am sorry
that i named a stupid baseball bat how
did you
if you stay here she will kill you
i just didn't want your death on my
conscience
[Music]
you